the first Guarani stimulus came from the fans who started to reach the
stadium an hour and a half before the game
in the bleachers the white green given the climate of who bet everything in this game
little more than 15 thousand paying willing to anything to help the team to
back to the main division of Brazilian football
the Guarani at the mouth of the tunnel in the field
to justify the fame of warriors
winning by two goals difference is the goal
ball in a natural pressure of those who are at a disadvantage
in two minutes and can get close to the goal
the coritiba attack a big fright
chicago kicked
and marks garcia defends in two times
the Guarani took a deep breath and accelerated with claudinho
he only stopped inside the area with the lack of defender Jorge not
A free kick by josé roberto wright just has a goal.
the defender-gunner sifter went to the collection
caught a lot under the ball he kicked out
the goal scream
got stuck in the fans' throats
the chance and lost did not cool Guarani and already at the end of the first time came to
advantage
jura charged at the back corner did not cut the wire even pereyra appeared to kick
A ball
three kilos
the ball in the far right corner
the British team the paranista archer
in the second grape season started showing that it was not even for
jokes
he dominated the ball almost in midfield and was passing through the defenders
at the south entrance
and passed close to the goal of Coritiba
to make a difference
the team of the paraná bet on the speed of mirandinha and until well arrived
near the tie
only that the flag paulo jorge and alves marked impediment of the center-forward
to persuade them to say that Roberto is going to be soft
already without so much interest on the part of both teams the game ended with
victory bugrina by 1 to 0 in the normal time
who started the lottery of the penalties was the coritiba ronaldo hit and scored
Look equalized for the guarani
put his team in the lead again
will want to charge
Guaraní goal 2 to 2
pachequinho confers the third of Coritiba 3 to 2
now who beats is vagner all the same again
qahtani does not give chances to grace milestones
and valmir repeats the dose with lucien henrique
in the last charge of the team from Paraná but the gasol did his part he
defended nardela kick
the reclassification got in the way direction and charged with style
was already guaranteed I saw the fans invaded the field to celebrate the return
from the club to the first division of the Brazilian championship